,# MCEE_Basic_BP
Updating for Minecraft Education version 1.19 to allow for use of the new execute command structure within the behavior pack.
This Basic Behavior pack was created in 2021 for Minecraft Education Edition version 1.17 to allow teachers to quickly add the behavior pack and folders needed to customize worlds used for teaching with Minecraft education.
The pack contains an example education.json file that can be edited to control access to commands in game (so that operators can't run commands other than what is enabled by the education.json file)
The Pack contains a structures folder where .mcstructure files can be placed for use in game via command and/or structure blocks.
.mcstructure files can be created/exported in game using structure blocks.  (this functionality may not be available to all devices.  3D export is not the same as exporting a structure file.)
The Pack contains a functions folder where .mcfunction files can be placed for use in game.  Functions are simply lists of commands placed one per line without the /.  To execute a function in game you type /function <function name>  Functions can also be run by command blocks or any other means that runs commands (other files within a behavior pack)  Existing functions are the only thing that you can edit and update while in game.  To test out edited(and saved) functions within game you can type /reload and then you should be able to then run the function again and see the results.  If the function file did not already exist in the functions folder, you will need to restart Minecraft before being able to test it.
The Pack contains a dialogue folder.  For more info on using dialogues in game see https://wiki.bedrock.dev/entities/npc-dialogs.html or https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/minecraft/creator/documents/npcdialogue
